.TH ALIAS_HELP 1 "January 2024" "lundeen-bryan"
.SH NAME
alias_help \- display a list of user-defined aliases for common commands
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B alias_help
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B alias_help
displays a list of user-defined aliases that
.br
can be used to simplify and enhance common
.br
command-line tasks. These aliases have been
.br
created to improve productivity and streamline
.br
the use of the terminal.
.TP
1. \fBlf\fR
List files vertically in alphabetic order
.br
exclude hidden files.
.TP
2. \fBlfa\fR
List files vertically, including hidden files.
.TP
3. \fB:q\fR
Quit bash using a Vim-like command.
.TP
4. \fBclr\fR
Clear the terminal screen.
.TP
5. \fBipy\fR
Run IPython with Vim keybindings.
.TP
6. \fBgh\fR
Grep through command history
.br
(note: add search term in single quotes as a
.br
parameter).
.TP
7. \fBhist\fR
Display command history.
.TP
8. \fBlistsize\fR
List files sorted by size.
.TP
9. \fBlistmod\fR
List files sorted by modification date.
.TP
10. \fBfilecount\fR
Count the number of files in the current
.br
directory.
.TP
11. \fBve\fR
Create a Python virtual environment (see menv).
.TP
12. \fBva\fR
Activate the Python virtual environment (see menv).
.TP
13. \fBalias_help\fR
Show the user all available aliases.
.TP
14. \fBloginMySQL\fR
Log in to MySQL.
.TP
15. \fB..\fR
Navigate up one directory level.
.TP
16. \fBgs\fR
Show Git status.
.TP
17. \fB:e\fR
Open files in Windows Explorer.
.TP
18. \fBdocs\fR
Shortcut to navigate to the Documents folder.
.TP
19. \fBdl\fR
Shortcut to navigate to the Downloads folder.
.TP
20. \fBmenv\fR
Activate the virtual environment if created in
.br
micromamba.
.TP
21. \fBgitfiles2clip\fR
Copy all files changed in Git to the clipboard.
.TP
22. \fBhiddenfilecount\fR
Count only hidden files.
.SH AUTHOR
This list of aliases was created by lundeen-bryan.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bash (1)
